Add examples & docs (#16)
amphp/http-server-session: README.md

## Usage

#### Basic usage

To read data from the session is straightforward:

```php

> $session->get('key');       // will read data stored in key 'key'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$session->get('key'); // will read data stored in key 'key'
```

Author: Changed

```

Note that `get()` will return `null` if the data in `key` are not found.

> In order to write data, the session must be `lock()`ed first so that it cannot be written from anywhere else

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to write data, the session must be `lock()`ed first so that it cannot be written from anywhere else.
```

Author: Changed

```php
$session->lock();
$session->set('key', $data);

> $session->commit();     // commits & unlocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$session->commit(); // commits & unlocks
```

Author: changed

```

Calling `commit()` will store the data in the session storage and unlock the session.

> Other important methods that belong in the Session are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other important methods of the `Session` class are:
```

Author: Changed

```php
// regenerate the client id
$session->regenerate();

// force read from storage
$session->read();

// rollback what is `set()` in the session but has not been commit()ed yet
$session->rollback();

// destroy the session
$session->destroy();
```

#### Use the middleware to access Session in a RequestHandler

> As this package is a plugin for [amphp/http-server](https://github.com/amphp/http-server) there is a middleware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As this package is a plugin for [`amphp/http-server`](https://github.com/amphp/http-server) there is a middleware
```

Author: Changed

implementation available that injects the `Session` instance into the attributes of the `Request`. When the middleware
is used the session is accessible from the attributes:

```php
use Amp\Http\Server\Request;
use Amp\Http\Server\RequestHandler;
use Amp\Http\Server\Response;
use Amp\Http\Server\Session\Session;

class SomeRequestHandler implements RequestHandler
{
    public function handleRequest(Request $request): Response
    {
        /** @var Session $session */
        $session = $request->getAttribute(Session::class);

        // any operations on the session

        // return the response
    }
}
```

Note that if the attribute `Session::class` is not registered then `getAttribute` will throw a `MissingAttributeError`.

The middleware will handle setting and reading a session cookie in the request/response as well as releasing all locks
on the session after the request has been processed.

> For instructions on how to use the middlewares with `amphp/http-server` see [amphp/http-server Middleware section](https://github.com/amphp/http-server#middleware).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't used middleware in `amphp/http-server`, follow the [instructions on how to use middleware with `amphp/http-server`](https://github.com/amphp/http-server#middleware).
```

Author: Changed

> A simple example is provided here [examples/simple](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/examples/simple.php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple example is provided here [`examples/simple.php`](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/examples/simple.php).
```

Author: Changed

#### Using the factory to create an instance of Session

Internally the session works with 3 dependencies:

> * [KeyedMutex](https://github.com/amphp/sync/blob/2.x/src/KeyedMutex.php) - A synchronisation primitive to be used across contexts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`KeyedMutex`](https://github.com/amphp/sync/blob/2.x/src/KeyedMutex.php) - A synchronisation primitive to be used across contexts
```

Author: Changed

> * [SessionStorage](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/src/SessionStorage.php) - Interface for reading and writing data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`SessionStorage`](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/src/SessionStorage.php) - Interface for reading and writing data.
```

Author: Changed

> * [SessionIdGenerator](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/src/SessionIdGenerator.php) - Interface for generating and validating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`SessionIdGenerator`](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/src/SessionIdGenerator.php) - Interface for generating and validating
```

Author: Changed

  a session ID.

An instance of the [Session](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/src/Session.php#L28) can be constructed easily using

> the provided [SessionFactory](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/src/SessionFactory.php)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [`Session`](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/src/Session.php#L28) instance can be constructed using
the provided [`SessionFactory`](https://github.com/amphp/http-server-session/blob/3.x/src/SessionFactory.php).
```

Author: Changed
